category,id,displayName,prompt
imagination,style_comic_book,"Comic Book Hero","Transform the person into a character from a classic comic book, with bold lines, dot shading, and vibrant colors."

category="imagination"
id=name
displayname=name
prompt=prompt, але перед цим все що до слова {prompt} включно видаляємо.
negative_prompt видаляємо зовсім.

name,prompt,negative_prompt
NA-FLUX-Cyberpunk,"Cyberpunk Neon style, {prompt}. Hyper-futuristic megalopolis bathed in pulsating neon. Towering skyscrapers with holographic billboards. Streets teeming with hover vehicles and augmented humans. Inspired by Syd Mead, Blade Runner, and Ghost in the Shell. Intense contrast between deep shadows and vibrant, electric colors - think electric blue, acid green, and hot pink. Rain-slicked streets reflecting neon signs. Intricate technological details and cybernetic enhancements. Gritty, noir atmosphere with a high-tech twist.",
NA-FLUX-Steampunk Victorian,"Steampunk Victorian style, {prompt}. Alternate 19th century with advanced steam-powered technology. Ornate brass and copper machinery, gears, and clockwork. Victorian fashion with a mechanical twist - top hats, corsets, and goggles. Dirigibles and steam-powered vehicles. Rich, warm color palette with shades of brown, gold, and sepia. Elaborate architectural details with wrought iron and stained glass. Mysterious laboratories filled with Tesla coils and strange inventions. Inspired by Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, and the industrial revolution.",
NA-FLUX-Cosmic Horror,"Cosmic Horror style, {prompt}. Lovecraftian nightmares and incomprehensible cosmic entities. Tentacled monstrosities emerging from dimensional rifts. Impossible geometries and non-Euclidean architecture. Eerie, otherworldly landscapes with alien flora. Cultists performing eldritch rituals under ominous skies. Dark, muted color palette with occasional splashes of sickly greens and purples. Ancient, forbidden tomes filled with maddening knowledge. Atmosphere of dread, paranoia, and insignificance in the face of the unknown.",
NA-FLUX-Art Nouveau,"Art Nouveau style, {prompt}. Elegant, organic forms inspired by nature. Flowing, sinuous lines and whiplash curves. Intricate floral patterns and stylized plant motifs. Graceful figures with long, flowing hair. Stained glass windows with complex designs. Rich, jewel-tone colors - emerald green, sapphire blue, and amethyst purple. Ornate metalwork with delicate, intertwining shapes. Inspired by Alphonse Mucha, Gustav Klimt, and the natural world. Romantic, dreamy atmosphere with a touch of mysticism.",
NA-FLUX-Retrofuturism,"Retrofuturism style, {prompt}. 1950s and 60s vision of the future. Sleek, aerodynamic designs with fins and chrome details. Flying cars and personal jetpacks. Atomic age optimism meets space-age technology. Bold, saturated colors - cherry red, turquoise, and sunshine yellow. Futuristic cityscapes with monorails and bubble-topped buildings. Robots as household helpers and companions. Inspired by The Jetsons, pulp sci-fi covers, and mid-century modern design. Optimistic and playful atmosphere with a touch of nostalgia.",
NA-FLUX-Dark Fantasy,"Dark Fantasy style, {prompt}. Grim and foreboding fantasy world. Ancient castles shrouded in mist and perched on craggy cliffs. Twisted forests filled with gnarled trees and lurking shadows. Fearsome dragons and mythical beasts. Brooding anti-heroes in battle-worn armor. Ominous skies with swirling storm clouds. Rich, deep color palette - blood red, midnight blue, and obsidian black. Inspired by Gothic architecture, medieval legends, and modern dark fantasy literature. Atmosphere of danger, mystery, and barely contained magic.",
NA-FLUX-Vaporwave,"Vaporwave style, {prompt}. Nostalgic 1980s and 90s aesthetics meets digital surrealism. Glitchy, pixelated imagery and old computer interfaces. Pastel color palette with lots of pink, teal, and purple. Ancient Greek and Roman statues juxtaposed with modern technology. Palm trees, sunsets, and tropical imagery. Retro consumer electronics and early internet iconography. Inspired by early computer graphics, muzak, and postmodern design. Dreamy, melancholic atmosphere with a critique of consumer culture.",
NA-FLUX-Biomechanical,"Biomechanical style, {prompt}. Fusion of organic forms and mechanical structures. Intricate, alien-like machinery with a biological twist. Tubes, pipes, and wires intertwined with flesh and bone. Hybrid creatures that are part machine, part organism. Dark, industrial color palette with occasional splashes of bioluminescent colors. Textures that mix smooth metal with organic, fleshy surfaces. Inspired by H.R. Giger, cyberpunk body modification, and speculative biotechnology. Unsettling, visceral atmosphere that blurs the line between life and machine.",
NA-FLUX-Art Deco,"Art Deco style, {prompt}. Glamorous, streamlined design from the 1920s and 30s. Bold geometric shapes and symmetrical patterns. Luxurious materials - gold, silver, and rich woods. Sleek, aerodynamic forms inspired by machines and speed. Stylized natural motifs like sunbursts and chevrons. Elegant figures in fashionable, flowing attire. Rich, bold color palette with lots of black and metallic accents. Inspired by skyscrapers, jazz age optimism, and exotic influences. Sophisticated, modern atmosphere with a touch of decadence.",
NA-FLUX-Solarpunk,"Solarpunk style, {prompt}. Optimistic vision of a sustainable, eco-friendly future. Lush vertical gardens and green architecture integrated with solar technology. Clean, renewable energy sources powering futuristic cities. Diverse communities living in harmony with nature. Bright, warm color palette with lots of greens and golds. Advanced but approachable technology designed to enhance human and environmental wellbeing. Inspired by art nouveau, afrofuturism, and climate positive innovations. Hopeful, community-oriented atmosphere that celebrates human ingenuity and natural beauty.",
NA-FLUX-Ethereal Dreamscape,"Ethereal Dreamscape style, {prompt}. Surreal, otherworldly landscapes of the subconscious mind. Floating islands and impossible structures defying gravity. Soft, diffused lighting creating a misty atmosphere. Symbolic imagery and recurring motifs from dreams and mythology. Pastel color palette with occasional vivid accents. Fluid, morphing shapes that blend and transform. Inspired by Salvador Dali, lucid dreaming, and spiritual visions. Dreamy, introspective atmosphere that blurs the line between reality and imagination.",
NA-FLUX-Baroque Opulence,"Baroque Opulence style, {prompt}. Lavish, ornate aesthetics of 17th and 18th century European art. Dramatic, theatrical compositions with dynamic movement. Rich, sumptuous fabrics and intricate patterns. Gold leaf, marble, and ornamental stucco work. Chiaroscuro lighting creating stark contrasts between light and shadow. Allegorical figures and religious iconography. Trompe l'oeil effects creating illusions of depth and grandeur. Inspired by Caravaggio, Rubens, and Bernini. Atmosphere of drama, emotion, and sensual excess.",
NA-FLUX-Minimalist Zen,"Minimalist Zen style, {prompt}. Stark, simplified compositions focusing on essential elements. Clean lines and geometric shapes. Vast negative space creating a sense of calm and balance. Monochromatic or limited color palette, often in neutral tones. Natural materials like stone, wood, and paper. Emphasis on texture and subtle variations in tone. Inspired by Japanese rock gardens, calligraphy, and modern minimalist art. Serene, meditative atmosphere that invites contemplation and inner peace.",
NA-FLUX-Pop Art,"Pop Art style, {prompt}. Bold, vibrant imagery inspired by popular culture and mass media. Bright, primary colors and thick, black outlines. Repetition of iconic images and consumer products. Ben-Day dots and halftone patterns. Comic book inspired graphics and text. Ironic juxtaposition of high and low culture. Inspired by Andy Warhol, Roy Lichtenstein, and 1960s advertising. Playful, energetic atmosphere that celebrates and critiques consumer society.",
NA-FLUX-Dieselpunk,"Dieselpunk style, {prompt}. Retro-futuristic aesthetic blending 1920s-1950s diesel technology with science fiction. Hulking, mechanical monstrosities powered by smoky engines. Art Deco and Streamline Moderne design influences. Gritty, industrial landscapes with imposing factories and pipelines. Rugged adventurers in leather jackets and aviator goggles. Muted color palette with occasional bursts of neon. Inspired by pulp adventure stories, film noir, and World War II technology. Atmosphere of gritty determination and mechanical ingenuity.",
NA-FLUX-Psychedelic Surrealism,"Psychedelic Surrealism style, {prompt}. Mind-bending, hallucinatory imagery that defies logic and reality. Vibrant, saturated colors in swirling, organic patterns. Morphing, liquid-like forms and impossible creatures. Fractal and mandala-inspired designs. Juxtaposition of disparate elements creating dreamlike scenes. Distorted perspectives and spatial anomalies. Inspired by 1960s counterculture, Hindu and Buddhist imagery, and altered states of consciousness. Trippy, disorienting atmosphere that challenges perception and expands the mind.",
NA-FLUX-Glitch Art,"Glitch Art style, {prompt}. Deliberate use of digital or analog errors to create unique visual effects. Distorted images with pixelation, fragmentation, and color shifts. Corrupted data visualized as abstract patterns and textures. Juxtaposition of recognizable imagery with digital artifacts. Vibrant, unnatural color palettes created by data manipulation. Inspired by early computer graphics, VHS errors, and digital experimentation. Atmosphere of technological unpredictability and the beauty of imperfection.",
NA-FLUX-Eco-Gothic,"Eco-Gothic style, {prompt}. Dark, brooding aesthetic that blends Gothic horror with environmental themes. Crumbling castles and Victorian mansions overgrown with wild vegetation. Eerie forests filled with twisted, sentient plants. Hybrid creatures merging human, animal, and plant forms. Moody, desaturated color palette with occasional splashes of bioluminescence. Ancient rituals and forgotten magic tied to the natural world. Inspired by eco-horror literature, dark romanticism, and climate anxiety. Atmosphere of creeping dread and nature's revenge against human exploitation.",
NA-FLUX-Bauhaus Modernism,"Bauhaus Modernism style, {prompt}. Functional, minimalist design philosophy from early 20th century Germany. Geometric shapes and clean lines emphasizing form follows function. Primary colors (red, blue, yellow) combined with black, white, and gray. Integration of art, craft, and technology. Typography as a key design element. Asymmetrical balance and grid-based compositions. Inspired by Walter Gropius, Wassily Kandinsky, and industrial design. Atmosphere of rational elegance and utopian ideals for a new age.",
NA-FLUX-Retro Sci-Fi Pulp,"Retro Sci-Fi Pulp style, {prompt}. Vintage science fiction aesthetics from 1930s-1950s pulp magazines and B-movies. Sleek rocket ships with fins and bubble cockpits. Brightly colored alien landscapes with multiple moons. Square-jawed heroes and scantily-clad space heroines. Ray guns, flying saucers, and improbable scientific gadgets. Bold, high-contrast color schemes with dramatic lighting. Inspired by Flash Gordon, Amazing Stories magazine, and early sci-fi film posters. Atmosphere of wide-eyed wonder and retro-futuristic adventure.",
NA-FLUX-Dark Academia,"Dark Academia style, {prompt}. Romantic, intellectual aesthetic centered around classical literature, art, and academia. Gothic and Baroque architecture of old universities and libraries. Vintage fashion with tweed, wool, and leather in muted earth tones. Stacks of antique books, burning candles, and old maps. Moody, low-key lighting with lots of shadows. Themes of forbidden knowledge, secret societies, and passionate scholarship. Inspired by classic literature, poet circles, and ivy league aesthetics. Atmosphere of melancholic intellectualism and romantic nostalgia.",
NA-FLUX-Neon Noir,"Neon Noir style, {prompt}. Contemporary twist on classic film noir, infused with vibrant neon colors. Rain-slicked city streets reflecting colorful neon signs. Silhouetted figures in fedoras and trench coats. Smoky interiors of seedy bars and nightclubs. High contrast lighting with deep shadows and bright neon accents. Femme fatales and hard-boiled detectives in a world of corruption. Inspired by Blade Runner, neo-noir films, and synthwave aesthetics. Atmosphere of urban isolation, moral ambiguity, and neon-drenched danger.",
NA-FLUX-Atomic Age Optimism,"Atomic Age Optimism style, {prompt}. 1950s-60s vision of a utopian future powered by nuclear energy. Sleek, modernist architecture with boomerang shapes and starbursts. Cheerful suburban scenes with futuristic appliances and robots. Stylized atoms and nuclear symbols as decorative elements. Bright, saturated colors - teal, orange, and chartreuse. Smiling families enjoying the wonders of atomic-age technology. Inspired by mid-century modern design, World's Fair exhibitions, and vintage advertisements. Atmosphere of naive technological optimism and Cold War-era progress.",
NA-FLUX-Classic Disney Animation,"Classic Disney Animation style, {prompt}. Timeless, hand-drawn aesthetic of early Disney films. Soft, rounded forms with fluid, graceful movements. Expressive characters with exaggerated features and emotive eyes. Lush, painted backgrounds with attention to detail. Warm, vibrant color palette with careful use of shadow and light. Whimsical animal sidekicks and enchanted objects. Inspired by Snow White, Cinderella, and The Little Mermaid. Atmosphere of wonder, magic, and heartwarming storytelling.",
NA-FLUX-Cartoon Network 90s,"Cartoon Network 90s style, {prompt}. Bold, quirky designs with a mix of simple and complex elements. Thick, black outlines and flat color fills. Exaggerated proportions and dynamic, often absurdist poses. Bright, saturated colors with occasional pastel backgrounds. Blend of different animation techniques, including limited animation. Inspired by Dexter's Laboratory, The Powerpuff Girls, and Courage the Cowardly Dog. Atmosphere of zany humor, pop culture references, and subtle adult themes.",
NA-FLUX-Anime Shonen,"Anime Shonen style, {prompt}. Dynamic, action-packed scenes with a focus on young male protagonists. Spiky hair and large, expressive eyes. Speed lines and impact frames to convey motion. Detailed backgrounds during key moments, simplified for action scenes. Bold color choices with dramatic lighting effects. Frequent use of visual metaphors and symbols. Inspired by Dragon Ball Z, Naruto, and My Hero Academia. Atmosphere of epic battles, friendship, and personal growth.",
NA-FLUX-Pixar 3D Animation,"Pixar 3D Animation style, {prompt}. Hyper-realistic textures combined with stylized, appealing character designs. Expressive, squash-and-stretch animation principles applied to 3D models. Attention to fine details like hair, fur, and fabric simulation. Vibrant, carefully crafted color palettes for each unique world. Emotional storytelling through subtle facial expressions and body language. Inspired by Toy Story, Up, and Inside Out. Atmosphere of heartfelt emotion, humor, and universal themes.",
NA-FLUX-Retro UPA Cartoons,"Retro UPA Cartoons style, {prompt}. Minimalist, graphic design-influenced animation from the 1950s-60s. Limited animation with stylized, geometric shapes. Flat color backgrounds with abstract patterns and textures. Characters with simple, often asymmetrical designs. Bold, modernist color palettes with high contrast. Jazzy, contemporary music and sophisticated humor. Inspired by Mr. Magoo, Gerald McBoing-Boing, and mid-century modern art. Atmosphere of urban sophistication and artistic experimentation.",
NA-FLUX-16-Bit RPG Nostalgia,"16-Bit RPG Nostalgia style, {prompt}. Pixelated graphics reminiscent of classic SNES-era role-playing games. Charming, super-deformed character sprites with exaggerated features. Detailed, colorful backgrounds with limited palette constraints. Top-down or isometric perspective for exploration scenes. Side-view battle screens with elaborate monster designs. Inspired by Final Fantasy VI, Chrono Trigger, and Secret of Mana. Atmosphere of epic adventures, turn-based combat, and emotional storytelling within technical limitations.",
NA-FLUX-Cel-Shaded Action,"Cel-Shaded Action style, {prompt}. Bold, comic book-inspired 3D graphics with flat colors and black outlines. Exaggerated character proportions and dynamic action poses. Vibrant color palette with high contrast for dramatic effect. Simplified textures focusing on strong shapes and silhouettes. Stylized special effects for impacts, explosions, and energy attacks. Inspired by games like Borderlands, The Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker, and Jet Set Radio. Atmosphere of larger-than-life action and stylish visual flair.",
NA-FLUX-Hyper-Realistic FPS,"Hyper-Realistic FPS style, {prompt}. Ultra-detailed, photorealistic 3D graphics pushing the limits of current technology. Meticulously crafted environments with advanced lighting and shadow effects. Highly detailed character models with lifelike skin textures and clothing materials. Particle effects for smoke, dust, and debris. Motion blur and depth of field to enhance immersion. Inspired by games like Battlefield, Call of Duty, and Crysis. Atmosphere of gritty realism and intense, cinematic action.",
NA-FLUX-Indie Atmospheric Platformer,"Indie Atmospheric Platformer style, {prompt}. Moody, artistic 2D graphics with a focus on creating a unique visual atmosphere. Silhouetted characters against richly detailed, painterly backgrounds. Subtle use of parallax scrolling for depth. Minimalist UI elements integrated seamlessly into the game world. Ethereal lighting effects and particle systems. Inspired by games like Limbo, Ori and the Blind Forest, and Gris. Atmosphere of emotional storytelling through visuals and environmental puzzles.",
NA-FLUX-Retro Voxel Sandbox,"Retro Voxel Sandbox style, {prompt}. Blocky, 3D pixel art reminiscent of early polygon graphics. Chunky, cube-based environments with simple textures. Bright, saturated colors with limited shading. Charming, low-poly character designs with minimal animations. Procedurally generated landscapes and structures. Inspired by Minecraft, Trove, and classic construction games. Atmosphere of endless creativity, exploration, and building within a nostalgic, low-fi aesthetic.",
NA-FLUX-Cyberpunk Neon Dystopia,"Cyberpunk Neon Dystopia style, {prompt}. Futuristic cityscapes bathed in the glow of neon lights and holographic billboards. Rain-soaked streets reflecting a kaleidoscope of colors. High-tech, low-life aesthetic with cyborgs and AI. Contrast between sleek corporate towers and gritty street-level scenes. Inspired by ""Blade Runner"" and ""The Matrix"". Atmosphere of technological wonder mixed with urban decay and societal unrest.",
NA-FLUX-Kubrickian Symmetry,"Kubrickian Symmetry style, {prompt}. Perfectly symmetrical compositions with strong vanishing points. Cold, clinical color palettes with occasional bursts of vivid color. Wide-angle lenses creating a sense of unease and distortion. Tracking shots down long corridors or expansive spaces. Characters dwarfed by their environments. Inspired by Stanley Kubrick's works like ""2001: A Space Odyssey"" and ""The Shining"". Atmosphere of isolation, existential dread, and cosmic insignificance.",
NA-FLUX-Tarantino Pulp,"Tarantino Pulp style, {prompt}. Vibrant, saturated colors with a slightly retro feel. Dynamic camera movements including trunk shots and circular pans. Close-ups on unusual details like feet or food. Eclectic soundtrack mixing different eras and genres. Witty, pop-culture-laden dialogue often in non-linear narratives. Inspired by Quentin Tarantino's films like ""Pulp Fiction"" and ""Kill Bill"". Atmosphere of stylized violence, dark humor, and pop culture nostalgia.",
NA-FLUX-Cinematic Street Photography,"Cinematic Street Photography style, {prompt}. Moody urban scenes with dramatic lighting and shadows. High contrast images emphasizing light and dark interplay. Candid moments frozen in time, capturing the essence of city life. Reflections in puddles, windows, and metallic surfaces. Use of leading lines and framing elements to guide the eye. Inspired by the work of Fan Ho and Saul Leiter. Atmosphere of mystery, isolation, and fleeting beauty in the urban jungle.",
NA-FLUX-Ethereal Fashion Editorial,"Ethereal Fashion Editorial style, {prompt}. Dreamy, soft-focus imagery with a pastel color palette. Models posed in flowing, diaphanous fabrics against surreal backdrops. Delicate use of natural light and lens flares. Experimental makeup and hairstyles pushing artistic boundaries. Integration of natural elements like flowers, feathers, or mist. Inspired by Tim Walker and Paolo Roversi. Atmosphere of fantasy, whimsy, and haute couture artistry.",
NA-FLUX-Minimalist Still Life,"Minimalist Still Life style, {prompt}. Clean, uncluttered compositions focusing on shape, form, and negative space. Muted color palettes or monochromatic schemes. Sharp focus on carefully arranged objects against plain backgrounds. Play with shadows and highlights to create depth. Emphasis on geometric patterns and symmetry. Inspired by the work of Irving Penn and Josef Sudek. Atmosphere of calm, simplicity, and contemplative beauty.",
NA-FLUX-Gritty Photojournalism,"Gritty Photojournalism style, {prompt}. Raw, unfiltered scenes capturing real-life moments and social issues. High-contrast black and white or desaturated color palettes. Use of wide-angle lenses for environmental context. Grainy film-like texture adding to the sense of immediacy. Candid expressions and unposed subjects in their natural environments. Inspired by the work of Sebastião Salgado and James Nachtwey. Atmosphere of authenticity, emotional impact, and social commentary.",
NA-FLUX-Surrealist Composite,"Surrealist Composite style, {prompt}. Dreamlike images combining multiple photographs into impossible scenes. Seamless blending of disparate elements creating visual paradoxes. Manipulation of scale and perspective to disorient the viewer. Rich, saturated colors or ethereal, muted tones depending on the mood. Integration of human figures with natural or architectural elements in unexpected ways. Inspired by Jerry Uelsmann and Erik Johansson. Atmosphere of wonder, psychological depth, and reality-bending imagination.",
NA-FLUX-Chiaroscuro Elegance,"Chiaroscuro Elegance style, {prompt}. Dramatic, high-contrast lighting emphasizing the interplay of light and shadow on the face. Deep, rich blacks contrasting with luminous highlights. Single-source lighting, often from the side, to sculpt facial features. Minimal backgrounds, focusing attention solely on the subject. Inspired by Rembrandt's paintings and classic Hollywood glamour shots. Atmosphere of mystery, depth, and timeless sophistication.",
NA-FLUX-Environmental Character Study,"Environmental Character Study style, {prompt}. Subjects captured in their natural habitats or workspaces. Wide-angle shots incorporating meaningful elements of the environment. Soft, natural lighting emphasizing authenticity over perfection. Candid expressions and poses that reveal personality. Rich, slightly desaturated color palette for a documentary feel. Inspired by the work of Annie Leibovitz and Steve McCurry. Atmosphere of intimacy, storytelling, and connection to place.",
NA-FLUX-High-Fashion Avant-Garde,"EnHigh-Fashion Avant-Garde style, {prompt}. Bold, experimental compositions pushing the boundaries of traditional portraiture. Unconventional makeup, hairstyles, and fashion choices. Vibrant, often clashing color palettes or stark monochromatic schemes. Use of props, textures, and unexpected backgrounds. Exaggerated poses and expressions bordering on the theatrical. Inspired by the work of David LaChapelle and Nick Knight. Atmosphere of provocative artistry, cultural commentary, and fashion as self-expression.",
NA-FLUX-Ethereal Natural Light,"Ethereal Natural Light style, {prompt}. Soft, dreamy portraits bathed in gentle, diffused light. Shallow depth of field creating a painterly, out-of-focus background. Pastel color palettes with an emphasis on warm, golden hour tones. Delicate capture of skin texture and subtle expressions. Often shot outdoors or near large windows. Inspired by the work of Sue Bryce and Elizabeth Messina. Atmosphere of romance, innocence, and timeless beauty.",
NA-FLUX-Gritty Street Portrait,"Gritty Street Portrait style, {prompt}. Raw, unfiltered close-ups capturing the essence of urban characters. High-contrast, often black and white images emphasizing texture and expression. Use of available light and shadows from the urban environment. Direct, unflinching gazes that confront the viewer. Inclusion of environmental elements that hint at the subject's story. Inspired by the work of Bruce Gilden and Diane Arbus. Atmosphere of authenticity, social realism, and the beauty in imperfection.",
NA-FLUX-Vibrant Impressionist Oils,"Vibrant Impressionist Oils style, {prompt}. Bold, visible brushstrokes capturing the essence of light and color. Thick impasto technique creating texture and depth. Vivid, pure colors applied in short dabs and strokes. Emphasis on the play of light and shadow, often with purple shadows. Loose, spontaneous feel with a focus on atmosphere over detail. Inspired by the works of Claude Monet and Pierre-Auguste Renoir. Atmosphere of fleeting moments, outdoor scenes, and sensory impressions.",
NA-FLUX-Ethereal Watercolor Wash,"Ethereal Watercolor Wash style, {prompt}. Soft, translucent layers of pigment creating subtle gradations. Wet-on-wet technique for blended, atmospheric effects. Delicate linework and intentional white space. Emphasis on light, airy compositions with a focus on negative space. Gentle color bleeds and granulation adding texture. Inspired by the works of J.M.W. Turner and Alvaro Castagnet. Atmosphere of dreamy landscapes, misty mornings, and ephemeral beauty.",
NA-FLUX-Dynamic Acrylic Pour,"Dynamic Acrylic Pour style, {prompt}. Fluid, abstract compositions created by pouring and manipulating liquid paint. Swirling patterns and cell-like formations of vibrant colors. Glossy, smooth surfaces with intricate details and unexpected color combinations. Organic shapes and flowing lines reminiscent of natural phenomena. Inspired by the works of contemporary pour artists like Emma Lindström. Atmosphere of cosmic wonder, psychedelic visions, and the unpredictability of fluid dynamics.",
NA-FLUX-Textured Palette Knife,"Textured Palette Knife style, {prompt}. Bold, sculptural application of paint creating rich textures and depth. Thick, impasto strokes layered to build up the image. Strong contrast between smooth and rough areas. Emphasis on form and shape rather than fine detail. Often uses a limited color palette for dramatic effect. Inspired by the works of Leonid Afremov and Françoise Nielly. Atmosphere of energy, emotion, and tactile sensations.",
NA-FLUX-Delicate Colored Pencil Realism,"Delicate Colored Pencil Realism style, {prompt}. Highly detailed, photorealistic renderings using layered colored pencil techniques. Smooth color transitions and subtle blending for a painterly effect. Fine linework and stippling to create intricate textures. Emphasis on capturing minute details and subtle color variations. Often features nature subjects or still life compositions. Inspired by the works of Cynthia Knox and Karla Mialynne. Atmosphere of patience, precision, and the beauty in everyday objects.",
NA-FLUX-Hyper-Realistic CG Render,"Hyper-Realistic CG Render style, {prompt}. Photo-realistic 3D modeling with incredible attention to detail. Advanced lighting techniques including global illumination and ray tracing. Complex textures and materials with accurate reflections and refractions. Depth of field and motion blur for cinematic effect. Often features impossible or fantastical scenes made to look real. Inspired by works seen in high-end visual effects and animated films. Atmosphere of technological mastery and blurred lines between reality and digital creation.",
NA-FLUX-Vintage Comic Book,"Vintage Comic Book style, {prompt}. Bold, black outlines with flat color fills. Halftone dot patterns for shading and color gradients. Dynamic action poses and exaggerated expressions. Use of speed lines and impact stars for movement and emphasis. Text boxes and thought bubbles integrated into the composition. Inspired by classic superhero comics of the 1960s and 70s. Atmosphere of heroic adventures, dramatic confrontations, and larger-than-life characters.",
NA-FLUX-Retro Pixel Art,"Retro Pixel Art style, {prompt}. Deliberately low-resolution imagery reminiscent of early video games. Limited color palettes using bright, saturated hues. Chunky, blocky forms with visible individual pixels. Creative use of dithering for shading and texture. Often features isometric perspectives or side-scrolling layouts. Inspired by 8-bit and 16-bit era games and modern indie pixel art. Atmosphere of nostalgia, simplicity, and creative constraint.",
NA-FLUX-Classic Shonen Manga,"Classic Shonen Manga style, {prompt}. Bold, dynamic linework with heavy use of speed lines and impact frames. Exaggerated facial expressions and dramatic poses. Highly detailed action scenes contrasted with simplified backgrounds. Use of screen tones for shading and special effects. Often features spiky-haired protagonists and epic battles. Inspired by works like ""Dragon Ball"" and ""Naruto"". Atmosphere of high-energy action, friendship, and overcoming impossible odds.",
NA-FLUX-Soft Shojo Aesthetics,"Soft Shojo Aesthetics style, {prompt}. Delicate, flowing linework with an emphasis on beauty and emotion. Large, sparkling eyes and small, pointed chins on characters. Soft, pastel color palettes with occasional flourishes of flowers or sparkles. Focus on character relationships and internal emotional states. Often features school settings or romantic scenarios. Inspired by works like ""Fruits Basket"" and ""Ouran High School Host Club"". Atmosphere of young love, personal growth, and gentle humor.",
NA-FLUX-Cyberpunk Neo-Tokyo,"Cyberpunk Neo-Tokyo style, {prompt}. Gritty, detailed cityscapes bathed in neon lights and holographic billboards. Fusion of high-tech and traditional Japanese elements. Characters often featuring cybernetic enhancements or in futuristic gear. High contrast lighting with deep shadows and vibrant highlights. Complex mechanical designs and intricate technological details. Inspired by works like ""Akira"" and ""Ghost in the Shell"". Atmosphere of technological dystopia, social unrest, and human-machine interface.",
NA-FLUX-Ethereal Ghibli-esque,"Ethereal Ghibli-esque style, {prompt}. Soft, painterly backgrounds with attention to natural details. Simplified, expressive character designs with a focus on fluid movement. Whimsical elements and magical realism integrated into everyday scenes. Gentle color palettes emphasizing greens, blues, and earthy tones. Often features themes of nature, childhood, and the spirit world. Inspired by Studio Ghibli films like ""My Neighbor Totoro"" and ""Spirited Away"". Atmosphere of wonder, environmental consciousness, and the magic in the mundane.",
NA-FLUX-Dark Gothic Horror Manga,"Dark Gothic Horror Manga style, {prompt}. Heavy use of black ink and negative space for ominous atmosphere. Intricate, often grotesque monster designs and body horror elements. Sharp contrasts between light and shadow for dramatic effect. Detailed crosshatching and stippling for texture and depth. Often features psychological horror and supernatural themes. Inspired by works like ""Berserk"" and ""Junji Ito's"" creations. Atmosphere of dread, psychological unease, and confrontation with the unknown.",
NA-FLUX-Dynamic Digital Concept Art,"Dynamic Digital Concept Art style, {prompt}. Bold, cinematic compositions with a focus on mood and atmosphere. Combination of photo-realistic elements with imaginative designs. Strong use of perspective and dramatic lighting effects. Often features futuristic or fantasy environments and characters. Inspired by the work of concept artists in the film and gaming industries. Atmosphere of world-building, visual storytelling, and the merging of reality and imagination.",
NA-FLUX-Classic Graphite Pencil Sketch,"Classic Graphite Pencil Sketch style, {prompt}. Refined linework with varying pressure for depth and dimension. Subtle shading techniques including hatching, cross-hatching, and stippling. Emphasis on light and shadow to create form and volume. Careful attention to proportion and perspective. Often features still life, portraits, or architectural subjects. Inspired by masters like Leonardo da Vinci and contemporary realist artists. Atmosphere of timeless elegance, precision, and the beauty of monochrome simplicity.",
NA-FLUX-Traditional Oil Painting,"Traditional Oil Painting style, {prompt}. Rich, layered application of oil paints for depth and luminosity. Use of glazing techniques for subtle color effects and atmosphere. Attention to light, shadow, and color temperature. Often features landscapes, portraits, or still life compositions. Blending of colors directly on the canvas for smooth transitions. Inspired by Old Masters and contemporary realist painters. Atmosphere of classical beauty, depth, and the timeless quality of oil on canvas.",
NA-FLUX-Expressive Watercolor Wash,"Expressive Watercolor Wash style, {prompt}. Fluid, transparent layers of watercolor pigments. Wet-on-wet technique for soft edges and color blending. Use of white space and paper texture as part of the composition. Often features landscapes, floral subjects, or atmospheric scenes. Emphasis on spontaneity and the unpredictable nature of water and pigment. Inspired by artists like J.M.W. Turner and contemporary watercolorists. Atmosphere of lightness, freshness, and the delicate interplay of water and color.",
NA-FLUX-Dynamic Charcoal Drawing,"Dynamic Charcoal Drawing style, {prompt}. Bold, expressive strokes with varying pressure and thickness. Use of erasers and blending tools for atmospheric effects. High contrast between deep blacks and bright highlights. Often features figure studies, dramatic portraits, or moody landscapes. Emphasis on gesture, movement, and emotional impact. Inspired by artists like Käthe Kollwitz and contemporary figurative artists. Atmosphere of raw energy, depth, and the power of monochromatic expression.",
NA-FLUX-Precise Ink Linework,"Precise Ink Linework style, {prompt}. Clean, confident lines with varying thickness for emphasis. Use of cross-hatching and stippling for shading and texture. High level of detail and precision in rendering forms. Often features architectural subjects, intricate patterns, or detailed illustrations. Emphasis on clarity, structure, and the power of black and white. Inspired by artists like Albrecht Dürer and contemporary pen and ink illustrators. Atmosphere of clarity, intricacy, and the timeless appeal of black ink on paper.",